Now that we have the basic flow down that we can navigate between our products add them to the cart
and then also use the car to place an order and also view that order and of course also edit the card
if we wanted to.
Now that all of that is done it's time to move towards the last part of his application which is of
course the part where you can add new products.
No that's all that apart which will refine later on because later we'll of course dive deeper into you
handling user input and we'll even store that data on a server but we can already get started here to
get started.
The user product screen and the added product screen will become important now because these are the
screens where we see all our products and where we can also then added the products.
So let's start with the user products screen.
Let's turned into a react component by importing react from react.
And unsurprisingly by importing stuff from React Native the stuff I want to import here is the flat
list again because I'll output a list of products in the end.
On this user products screen.
Therefore here we have the user products screen component which receives props and where I then need
to return some J.S. ex and at the bottom of the file I'll export this component as a default.
That's my default component setup I used over and over again now in here.
I want to output my components or my my products with a flat list and I will reuse that product item
component we build earlier.
So back in user products we can import
the product item from the components folder.
So let's go there and there to shop and then order and not order but product item.
And here of course all the pass and some data now the data I want to pass in here should be the products
that belonged to my locked in user.
We have no locked in user at the moment but if you remember the products reducer there we are faking
that we have because there we have that user products array which holds all the products which in this
case here have a user I.D. owner I.D. of you one and I just assume for the moment to have some dummy
data that this is our currently locked and user data later does will of course be a dynamic so user
product is what we need back into user products screen we therefore need to get that data from redux
with the help of use selector from react redux like this.
And here we get our user products by calling use selector where we pass in that function it gets the
state then reaches out to the products part of our store products because that's the identifier I use
there and then as I just said access does user products field here so id and the user product screen
here we access dot user products user products is now the array we feed into data as always here I will
add a key extractor which gives me the idea because my product as stored here in user products uses
of course my product model in the end and therefore has an idea that is a unique identifier which I
can use so I will use it and then of course as always also we need to add a render item you obviously
know that pattern already render item gets D item data here and I want to return a new product item
for every entry here and product item if we have a look at it takes a couple of pieces of information
it takes a on view detail prop here it takes a title prop a price prop an image prop and then also on
Add To Cart prop.
Now you might already see that not all these props really fit our purpose if we use that on the user
product screen because this will not be a screen where we can shop for products this is not a screen
where I want to be able to add products to a cart I want to output them as I do here with the image
to price and so on but I don't care so much about whether we can click them or about these buttons so
we'll start adding the product item like this but we will have to fine tune it.
So what we need is titled price image and on view detail and on Add To Cart.
So we need the image here and that of course is item data dot item dot image you are L because you must
not forget that item data dot item in the end points as a product as the point here in the model hence
will have this image you are L property and then here we also need the title which is accessible through
item data not item title we need the price which is accessible with item data not item dot price if
we have a look at the product item component that fulfills everything we need here but now we need on
view detail on and on Add to Cart and then we'll add those temporarily but we'll have to find a different
solution here.
So on view detail so empty.
Function at the moment and on Add To Cart also empty function and we'll implement this differently later
for the moment however I'm outputting a product item here and therefore we can now navigate to the user
products screen to get there it's time to go back to the shop navigator and at the end I want to add
them to my draw and navigator but as a separate stack just like products and orders are a separate stack.
This should also be a separate stack.
We can't just copy the orders navigator stack here replicate this and import the user product screen
here.
So user products screen from the screens folder they are from the user folder and then user product
screen and map this in the newly copied stack down there which I'll not name.
Orders navigator cause I have that name here already but I'll name it let's say admin navigator maybe
and here I have my user products identifier which points at the user products screen now here.
As I can in the draw I want to have the M.D. create and I w create icon and algorithm that should be
fine.
Now we just need to add this navigator to our draw navigator.
They are all at the admin key and point at Edmond navigator so now we should actually be able to reach
that if we go back to the app we have to admin entry and if I click it get a problem regarding my user
products state undefined is not an object.
Let's have a quick look at the user product screen Yeah.
That should be products because our slice is named products here and combined reducer.
So here it should all be products.
Little typo from my side now does looks better and now might look like nothing changed but actually
you can see my navigation items are gone because now I am on a new screen but I have my my old list
here but with less products.
If you compare Android where I'm on the starting screen we have more products there.
Now I only have the ones where you one is the own right.
So that's good.
But of course I don't like these buttons here.
And I also want to have a header a menu item here and a header title of course.
There are some things we need to fix these buttons of course are the most important thing or the most
striking thing that's wrong though still.
I'll start with the header in the user products screen here.
We can add the navigation options user products screen navigation options and there set a header title
of your products for example and we also need the menu button so we can actually also go to the product
overview screen and from there copy does head or left part here.
Go back to user product screen and add does here.
Now however we need that function form of the navigation options where we then in the end return the
object with all the options in there so that's something we need to change like this.
And we also need to make sure we import header buttons item and header button.
So back in the product overview screen there I have these imports here.
Copy them from the product overview screen.
Go to the user product screen and add them.
They're like this for example.
So did you import everything you need.
We also need to import the platform API because we're also using that when setting up the header buttons
now at least when we go to the admin area we have our title leader we have to the draw the menu button
again.
But now what about these buttons here.
We will need to change the way our product item looks like.